with a cheerful greeting mathematics
teacher Ella shaa enters a class of
orphaned children Keen to
learn she teaches more than 300 in this
Camp inun one or both of their parents
killed or missing in Israel's war on
Gaza Ella links mathematics to real
world applications but their lives are
far from normal especially since October
the 7th
we were displaced due to this tough War
we left Rafa and ended up in this
orphans Camp after I had lost my father
now I am living and studying here today
we're trying to learn and remember what
we studied Before the War which
destroyed our future
dreams in Ella's makeshift classroom the
children endure despite their loss the
tragedies they face are mirrored in her
own life her husband and three children
were killed when the Israelis shelled
their home during the war
I have suffered a lot in this war
despite my grave loss I'm doing my best
to get back on my feet again to raise my
three-year-old daughter who had survived
the air strike mathematics is not only a
passion but a profession and a patriotic
responsibility I'm teaching the orphan
children despite the harsh living
conditions lack of food and water and
widespread
disease while these traumatized children
survived almost 10,000 registered
students have been killed along with
with hundreds of teachers and
staff as children across the world enter
a new Academic Year schools in Gaza hit
the headlines for other
reasons Israeli targeting left the
educational infrastructure in ruins the
UN says around 85% of schools are
damaged or destroyed those barely left
standing are being used as displacement
shelters and even those own Israeli
crosshairs and 8 8,000 older students
will miss out on further studies after
all 12 of gaza's universities were
destroyed in hanun the children work in
small groups solving numerical
problems plastic sheating instead of
walls provide little security all these
pupils can do is focus on their subject
to mentally block their
reality I study at Al Baraka camp for
Orphans we are defying All Odds and
adamant to March forward despite the
hard living conditions under the
war Ella continues with her lessons
knowing children have the right to
education but in a war waged by adults
it's the children who are bearing the
brunt Laura Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer